I'm spiritual hi I'm Harvey Bechard and
that was Bob yeah I'm sure a lot of
you're wondering where i found such a
bumbling to face dumbass tool well to
answer your question i found him in a
ditch that's right a ditch he was drunk
I think either that or he's just
mentally not all there but to be honest
he's not all here the best of times I'm
not all here it were to hell am i okay
yeah Bob look pretty ball which is
pretty ball Oh mm-hmm ball went boom
again my face hurts okay as I see ya not
only as Bob a wonderful example of
Neolithic man but he's also now my
acting stunt double hooray for me so if
anybody ever wants to kill me or
dismember me in any of their movies they
don't get to kill me now they get to
kill Bob so I think it's happy I'll
round and not only does Bob for some
bizarre reason love the taste of rabbits
but also for god knows what reason I
have been completely unable to kill him
I mean seriously I just hit him in the
face with a grenade and he's still
smiling at me you know about here have
another
oh pretty boy
he bought fun haha both go boom again
bumper his face uh anyway back to the
current situation um yeah so I'm gonna
be using Bob as a body double that's why
he's wearing my armor not that I like
him or not that he raided my closet
while I was asleep but because I want to
shoot at him for funsies yeah yeah so um
yeah hey Bob I got a pretty present for
you let's go play I found a stick gosh
dick stuck stuck stuck stuck earth I
just duck I stuck gaga by the way that
was him not me I don't have a stick I
want to stick well Gary that stick her I
found a new friend say hello Henry
ah